ARROW-15037: [C#] A stream processing example of IoT sensor data (#12068)
apache/arrow: csharp/examples/IoTDataPipelineExample/README.md

.Net Enterprise Software Development can be bridged. 

## The original dataset is:

[WISDM Smartphone and Smartwatch Activity and Biometrics Dataset Dataset](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/WISDM+Smartphone+and+Smartwatch+Activity+and+Biometrics+Dataset+):
   Contains accelerometer and gyroscope time-series sensor data collected from a smartphone and smartwatch as 51 test subjects perform 18 activities for 3 minutes each.

## The sample dataset used in this example is randomly generated in order to test arrow in large-scale data scenario

The sample dataset includes activity data from 1000 participants from an activity recognition project.
Each participant performed each of the 18 activities for a total amount of one billion accelerometer data events
reported from smartphone and smartwatch.

* Timestamp is the time at which the sensor reported the reading.
* X_Axis is the g-force acceleration along the x-axis.
* Y_Axis is the g-force acceleration along the y-axis.
* Z_Axis is the g-force acceleration along the z-axis.

## Persist data in Arrow format

> The application has one producer thread produces data and one consumer thread consumes and transforms data, since the data volume is huge,

Reviewer: According to Program.cs, there are 8 producing threads.

```suggestion
The application has eight producer threads producing data and one consumer thread consumes and transforms data, since the data volume is huge,
```
